Implement typechecked abi.encodeCall() (#12287)
ethereum/solidity: docs/cheatsheet.rst

  the given arguments. Note that this encoding can be ambiguous!
- ``abi.encodeWithSelector(bytes4 selector, ...) returns (bytes memory)``: :ref:`ABI <ABI>`-encodes
  the given arguments starting from the second and prepends the given four-byte selector
- ``abi.encodeCall(function functionPointer, (...)) returns (bytes memory)``: ABI-encodes a call to ``functionPointer`` with the arguments found in the

>   tuple. Performs a full type-check, ensuring the types match the function signature. Equivalent to `bytes.concat(functionPointer.selector, abi.encodeWithSelector(...))`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tuple. Performs a full type-check, ensuring the types match the function signature. Equivalent to ``bytes.concat(functionPointer.selector, abi.encodeWithSelector(...))``
```

>   tuple. Performs a full type-check, ensuring the types match the function signature. Equivalent to ``bytes.concat(functionPointer.selector, abi.encodeWithSelector(...))``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  tuple. Performs a full type-check, ensuring the types match the function signature. Result equals ``bytes.concat(functionPointer.selector, abi.encodeWithSelector(...))``
```

Reviewer 2: erm, shouldn't we rather use `abi.encodeWithSelector(functionPointer.selector, ...)`?

Author: You mean without the concat? Yeah, probably true
